README.md, before:

A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interviews! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0 for Firefox](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
| [0058-length-of-last-word](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0058-length-of-last-word) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii) |
| [1205-defanging-an-ip-address](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1205-defanging-an-ip-address) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1651-shuffle-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1651-shuffle-string) |
| [1797-goal-parser-interpretation](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1797-goal-parser-interpretation) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
| [1324-where-will-the-ball-fall](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1324-where-will-the-ball-fall) |
| [1580-shuffle-the-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1580-shuffle-the-array) |
| [1651-shuffle-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1651-shuffle-string) |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
| [2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
| [2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
## String Matching
|  |
| ------- |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [2509-minimize-xor](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2509-minimize-xor) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [1324-where-will-the-ball-fall](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1324-where-will-the-ball-fall) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
| [1324-where-will-the-ball-fall](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1324-where-will-the-ball-fall) |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2509-minimize-xor](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2509-minimize-xor) |
| [2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays) |
## Quickselect
|  |
| ------- |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0151-REVERSE-WORDS-IN-A-STRING Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 17.9 MB (23.15%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interviews! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0 for Firefox](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
| [0058-length-of-last-word](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0058-length-of-last-word) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0557-reverse-words-in-a-string-iii) |
| [1205-defanging-an-ip-address](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1205-defanging-an-ip-address) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1651-shuffle-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1651-shuffle-string) |
| [1797-goal-parser-interpretation](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1797-goal-parser-interpretation) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0080-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii) |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
| [1324-where-will-the-ball-fall](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1324-where-will-the-ball-fall) |
| [1580-shuffle-the-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1580-shuffle-the-array) |
| [1651-shuffle-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1651-shuffle-string) |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
| [2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
| [2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
## String Matching
|  |
| ------- |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0088-merge-sorted-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0088-merge-sorted-array) |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0169-majority-element](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0169-majority-element) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1987-substrings-of-size-three-with-distinct-characters) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0045-jump-game-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0045-jump-game-ii) |
| [0055-jump-game](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0055-jump-game) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [2509-minimize-xor](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2509-minimize-xor) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [1324-where-will-the-ball-fall](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1324-where-will-the-ball-fall) |
| [3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/3555-final-array-state-after-k-multiplication-operations-i) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0101-symmetric-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0101-symmetric-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
| [1324-where-will-the-ball-fall](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1324-where-will-the-ball-fall) |
| [1791-richest-customer-wealth](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1791-richest-customer-wealth) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2509-minimize-xor](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2509-minimize-xor) |
| [2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/2766-find-the-prefix-common-array-of-two-arrays) |
## Quickselect
|  |
| ------- |
| [0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0215-kth-largest-element-in-an-array) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [1073-number-of-enclaves](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/1073-number-of-enclaves) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted](https://github.com/SVA-BL00/LeetCode/tree/master/0167-two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
